DOCSP-57078 Update server version for IWM rate limiting to v9.0 (#181)
10gen/docs-shared: dbx/adaptive-rate-limiting.rst

Author: @amalhotra-mdb Please confirm the that these links are still accurate for the atlas production pages.

Reviewer: these links will stay the same and are still accurate!

Reviewer: To update this to apply to IWM 9.0, change to something like: 

"... or appearing in your application logs, Overload Protection may be active on your cluster, or your driver may not e upgraded to a version that supports it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Overload Protection configuration, or through
```

.. note:: Adaptive Rate Limiting

   If errors with ``SystemOverloadedError`` or ``RetryableError`` labels are causing
   failures in your application or appearing in your application logs, Overload
   Protection may be active on your cluster and your driver may not be upgraded to
   a version that supports it. We recommend upgrading your |driver-name| to

>    version |ivm-compatible-version| or later. If you continue to see these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   version |iwm-compatible-version| or later. If you continue to see these
```

Author: oops, this typo was propagated through the drivers docs, so I'm going to leave it. 🤦‍♀️

   errors after upgrading, you can address them through server-side changes,
   such as reviewing your Overload Protection configuration,
   or through application-side changes, such as implementing custom error
   handling or client-side request throttling. Depending on your situation,
   application-side changes may be preferable or necessary. 

   Overload Protection is a feature of Intelligent Workload Management (IWM),
   and helps manage server load by rejecting or terminating excess work during
   sustained overload. This feature is available on MongoDB 9.0 and later.
   

>    For more information about IWM or Overload Protection, see the :atlas:`Intelligent Workload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more information about IWM or handling overload errors, see the :atlas:`Intelligent Workload
```

Overload Protection is described more in the IWM landing page (first link). The second link is more about guidance on handling overload errors

   Adaptive rate limiting helps manage server load by dynamically adjusting

>    request rates based on current conditions. This feature is available on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overload Protection helps manage server load by rejecting or
terminating excess work during sustained overload. This feature is available on
```

   MongoDB 9.0 and later.

   For more information about IWM, see the :atlas:`Reliability, Availability,

>    and Workload Management </intelligent-workload-management/>` page or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about IWM, see the :atlas:`Intelligent Workload Management </intelligent-workload-management/>` page or
```
